Dataloader Sample Project - Bounty (#4096)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: samples/GraphQL.DataLoader.Sample.Default/README.md

﻿# GraphQl.Net DataLoader Refeference Implementation

## Source:
https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet/issues/1211

> 
> A small sample Project. Where we have a very rudamentary Car Dealership, managed in SQLite and we use the Dataloader to Load the Salespeople by Name, in Case we want multiple, aswell as their SubGraph of Assigned Cars, exposing this as a GraphQl Server with the GraphQL.Server.All Package and Altair Ui.
> In this one we showcase the Default Dataloader Usage, defined in the Field Resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple sample project featuring a basic car dealership managed with SQLite. It demonstrates the use of DataLoader accessed through `IDataLoaderContextAccessor` to load salespeople by name, including their assigned cars in a subgraph, and exposes this data as a GraphQL server using the `GraphQL.Server.All` package with the Altair UI. The project highlights the practical use of `IDataLoaderContextAccessor` for managing DataLoader instances.```
